docs: add docs for header feature (#8535)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/concepts/events.md

pseudo columns, available on every row: `ROWTIME`, which represents the
time of the event, as well as `ROWPARTITION` and `ROWOFFSET`, which represent
the partition and offset of the source record, respectively.
In addition, windowed sources have `WINDOWSTART` and `WINDOWEND` system columns.

> Starting in ksqlDB 0.24, users can create columns that are populated by a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in ksqlDB 0.24, you can create columns that are populated by a
```

> record's header field. Kafka headers are a list of zero or more key-value pairs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
record's header field. {{ site.ak }} headers are a list of zero or more key-value pairs,
```

where the keys are (not necessarily unique) strings and the values are byte arrays.
Headers typically contain metadata about records, which can then be used for routing

> or processing (e.g. the header could store information about how to deserialize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or processing For example, the header could store information about how to deserialize
```

> strings in the value).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
strings in the value.
```
